A Year Powered by Strength and Resilience of the entire McDonald’s System — over two million crew members, the industry’s best franchisees, and our network of global suppliers — backed by a talented senior leadership team, dedicated Board of Directors and standout growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches. One constant throughout my tenure as CEO has been our Chairman Rick Hernandez, who recently announced his retirement. Having joined the Board in 1996, Rick served for many years alongside one of our founders, Fred Turner. And like Fred, Rick truly carries “ketchup in his veins.” Rick’s support and guidance were critical to me as I assumed the CEO role unexpectedly, and then quickly had to navigate the Company through a global pandemic and geopolitical crises. I am grateful for his Rick’s unwavering commitment to the McDonald’s System has been instrumental to the growth of our Brand. I look forward to carrying forward his devotion to McDonald’s as I assume the role of Chairman following our Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, working closely with Lead Independent Director Miles White. In today’s dynamic and challenging landscape, the power of one company voice is essential to our three-legged stool’s Thanks to our restless ambition, we are operating from a position of strength. That’s one of the things I love about McDonald’s. We’re always innovating and pushing for the highest standards. It’s why we continue to lead the industry This past year, we continued evolving as we worked to meet the heightened expectations of our customers, employees, and stakeholders. We’re doing so much more than navigating a challenging operating environment, we’re leading through it — as we always have. I think it’s fair to say that our secret sauce lies in a powerful combination: the tireless dedication Global McFamily Members, and Customers, Annual Letter to Shareholders In 2023, we pushed ourselves even further in service to our customers and communities, and towards our goal of delivering enduring, profitable growth for our shareholders. As a result, global comparable sales grew by 9% and guest counts grew by 3% globally last year. Underpinning our momentum was the evolution of our Accelerating the Arches strategy. The beauty and power of Accelerating the Arches is that it’s designed to be evolutionary, and our M-C-D growth pillars have demonstrated how we can adjust to Our world-class, culturally relevant and creative campaigns are keeping the brand front-of-mind and driving performance — from the viral Grimace shake to Raise Your Arches to our 1-in-8 campaign, and our McDonald’s x Crocs collab We’ve continued to build affinity with our (“C”) menu classics, leaning into the power of iconic favorites to drive customer demand while simplifying operations. We continue to make our core menu even more enticing with initiatives like Best Burger that incorporate changes to cooking procedures for our iconic Hamburger, Cheeseburger and Big Mac®. The result is a hotter, juicier burger, and customers tell us that they can Cementing our Position as one of the World’s Leading McDonald’s size and scale are unmatched competitive advantages. I believe the benefits they yield — paired with McDonald’s innovative spirit — will only become more pronounced in 2024 and the years ahead. As we shared at our Investor Update at the end of 2023, We also identified significant opportunities to drive future growth, like we’re doing in the large burger category. We’ll be testing this concept in three markets later this year. At the same time, we’ve made for great chicken. Chicken now represents over $25 billion in annual Systemwide sales — that’s on par with our beef business — and we’ve established McCrispy® and McSpicy® as new global core menu items alongside McNuggets® and McChicken®. Finally, we’ve added a fourth “D,” as we continue to double down on and Drive-Thru. Our 4 “Ds” take what customers love about McDonald’s — from convenience to value to personal connections with our brand — and make them even better. Today, there are more than 40,000 restaurants across the globe, and over the past four years, we’ve added nearly $30 billion in Systemwide sales to our business. By the end of 2027, we plan to expand the McDonald’s footprint to 50,000 restaurants worldwide, fueling Systemwide sales growth with strong contributions to the bottom line. Annual Letter to Shareholders with our Brand intuitive technology that reduces complexity and makes it easier to deliver the memorable experience our customers expect. Not only does cutting-edge technology make operations more efficient, stable, and reliable, it also instills a greater sense of pride and is key to providing the best experience for restaurant teams. Finally, we are building a modern company with an emphasis on new capabilities that makes McDonald’s a better partner for franchisees and suppliers alike. We organized Company employees around a structure that’s fit for purpose as part of Accelerating the Greater efficiencies are unlocking faster speed-to-market and creating even more These platforms will create a step change to our sales and margin trajectory, slowly at first, but with increasing speed and impact. we have even greater ambitions for the future — ambitions that will cement McDonald’s as one of the world’s leading consumer brands. We’re creating a that reimagines the customer experience and fuels profitable customer engagement in a targeted and personalized way. Aggressive investments in digital and technology have enabled us to build one of the world’s largest loyalty programs. By the end of 2023, we were connecting with 150 million active loyalty users across 50 markets. Over the next four years, we plan to expand our reach with loyalty to 250 We’re also introducing the easiest and most . This is all about our commitment to being the best franchisor, and equipping franchisees to run great restaurants. We’re committed to equipping the 2 million+ employees in McDonald’s restaurants with “We have even for our future.” Annual Letter to Shareholders Across the McDonald’s System, we’ll remain nimble as we continue to deliver strong performance in today’s dynamic environment, while driving real impact in the communities we serve. When we mobilize the best of our innovation, collaboration, and execution across the McDonald’s System, and when we use our size and scale to our advantage, we can do things that absolutely nobody else can do. Together, we’ll continue to lead the industry — putting our values, purpose, and people at the center of everything we do — and building the engine that will power McDonald’s to unleash the full strength of our global scale. Together, we’ll drive sustainable and profitable growth, as we reimagine our future. President and CEO Reimagining our Annual Letter to Shareholders TABLE OF CONTENTS ORGANIZATION OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K The order and presentation of content in this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") differs from the traditional U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Form 10-K format. McDonald's Corporation believes the format used in this Form 10-K improves readability and better presents how it organizes and manages its business. See "Form 10-K Cross-Reference Index" for a cross-reference index to the About McDonald's Business Summary Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management's View of the Business 2023 Financial Performance Consolidated Operating Results Financial Position and Capital Resources Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Information About our Executive Officers Availability of Company Information Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Controls and Procedures Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules All trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners and are used with permission. developed in collaboration with franchisees, are designed to cater to consumer preferences, improve local business performance and increase the value of the McDonald's brand through the development of modernized, more attractive and higher revenue generating restaurants. The Company requires franchisees to meet rigorous standards and generally does not work with passive investors. The business relationship with franchisees is designed to facilitate consistency and high quality at all McDonald’s restaurants. Conventional franchisees contribute to the Company’s revenue, primarily through the payment of rent and royalties based upon a percent of sales, with specified minimum rent payments, along with initial fees paid upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new franchise. The Company's heavily franchised business model is designed to generate stable and predictable revenue, which is largely a function of franchisee sales, and resulting cash flow streams. Developmental License or Affiliate Under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, licensees are responsible for operating and managing their businesses, providing capital (including the real estate interest) and developing and opening new restaurants. The Company generally does not invest any capital under a developmental license or affiliate arrangement, and it receives a royalty based on a percent of sales, and generally receives initial fees upon the opening of a new restaurant or grant of a new license. While developmental license and affiliate arrangements are largely the same, affiliate arrangements are used in a limited number of foreign markets (primarily China and Japan) within the International Developmental Licensed Markets segment as well as a limited number of individual restaurants within the International Operated Markets segment, where the Company also has an equity investment and records its share of net results in equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates. PURPOSE, MISSION AND VALUES Through its size and scale, McDonald's embraces and prioritizes its role and commitment to the communities in which it operates through its to feed and foster communities, and its to make delicious feel-good moments easy for everyone. The Company is guided by five that define who it is and how it runs the business across the three-legged stool of McDonald’s franchisees, suppliers, and – We put our customers and people first; – We open our doors to everyone; – We do the right thing; – We are good neighbors; and – We get better together. The Company believes that its people, all around the world, set it apart and bring these values to life daily. The Company’s people strategies aim to create an inclusive environment that represents the communities in which we operate. To do this, the Company continues to evaluate and evolve compensation and benefits programs to remain locally relevant and competitive, offers quality training and learning opportunities and upholds high standards of health and safety to create and maintain a safe and respectful workplace for its employees. You can find more information about the Company's human capital management and related initiatives on the “Our Purpose & Impact” section of its website, which is updated annually. Our People Company employees, which include those in the Company's corporate and other offices as well as in Company-owned and operated restaurants, totaled over 150,000 worldwide as of year-end 2023, of which approximately 70% were based outside of the U.S. In addition to Company employees, the over two million individuals who work in McDonald's franchised restaurants around the world are critical to the Company’s success, enabling it to drive long-term value creation and further its purpose and mission. People are at the cornerstone of the Company's business and an essential part of the System. Our Commitment to Inclusion At McDonald’s, inclusion is one of our five Core Values, and we strive to integrate our values into our business operations to deliver an inclusive experience for our stakeholders—including employees, franchisees, suppliers, customers and the communities we serve. Under the leadership of its Board of Directors, the Company adheres to a global diversity, equity, and inclusion ("DEI") strategy which is critical to its success. The DEI strategy is designed to drive efforts across the System to better represent the diverse communities in which McDonald’s operates, to accelerate cultures of inclusion and belonging, upholding human rights and cultivating a respectful workplace that is ethical, truthful and dependable, and to further dismantle barriers to economic opportunity. Additionally, it includes: ongoing efforts at all levels of the Company to help improve the representation of women globally and underrepresented groups in the U.S.; a commitment to equal pay among Company employees with comparable job responsibilities, experience, performance, and contributions, as well as fair treatment in access, opportunity and advancement for all; the Company’s Mutual Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (“MCDEI”), a pledge that invites the Company’s U.S.-based suppliers to commit to efforts toward DEI progress within their own organizations, draws on McDonald’s size and scale, and highlights its opportunity to accelerate meaningful change for employees, franchisees, suppliers, customers, and communities; a recruitment initiative designed to increase the number of franchisees from all backgrounds, including underrepresented groups in the Company’s U.S. and International Operated Markets segments, by reducing upfront equity requirements for eligible franchisee candidates and providing ongoing learning and development; and best practice sharing with franchisees and suppliers to support them in furthering inclusion within their own organizations. To reinforce the importance of the Company’s values, the Company’s annual incentive plan includes financial performance metrics, as well as strategic measures that hold executives accountable for efforts towards the Company’s DEI ambitions. Please see the Company’s Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report on the Company's website, which reflects data on employee, Board and franchisee representation, as well as diverse-owned supplier spend and equal pay. Fostering safe, inclusive and respectful workplaces, wherever McDonald's does business, has been integral to the Company for its more than 65-year history. The Company understands the importance of providing a positive experience and making everyone feel valued, both in its offices and in McDonald's restaurants. The Company’s commitment to human rights is set forth in its Human Rights Policy and is furthered by its Standards of Business Conduct, which apply to Company employees, and its Supplier Code of Conduct, which sets forth human rights requirements for the Company's global suppliers. Company employees are trained on and are required to annually certify their understanding of, and commitment to upholding, the Standards of Business Conduct. McDonald’s focus on fostering safe, inclusive, and respectful workplaces starts at the beginning of each restaurant crew member’s recruitment journey. In 2022, the Company published its Responsible and Ethical Recruitment Principles outlining its commitment to working toward five global standards that apply to migrant labor recruiting practices across the Company, franchisees, and International Developmental licensees. Additionally, in 2023, the Company became a member of the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment, which is a collaborative effort to drive positive change in how the Company recruits migrant workers, and joined the Human Rights Coalition of Consumer Goods Forum, which is a coalition of the largest consumer goods brands working to end forced labor. Further, the Company’s Global Brand Standards (which apply to all McDonald’s restaurants, whether Company-owned or franchised) prioritize action in four areas: harassment, discrimination, and retaliation prevention; workplace violence prevention; restaurant employee feedback; and health and safety. As part of its commitment to a respectful workplace environment, the Company recognizes how important it is to provide channels for its employees to report human rights and similar concerns that may violate Company policies and standards. Employees can do so in many ways, including through an anonymous global reporting channel, the Business Integrity Line, which is staffed by a live operator from an independent company and is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. This is complemented by additional reporting channels in many markets. The Company expects its employees, franchisees, and suppliers to uphold human rights and cultivate respectful workplaces, which builds trust, protects the integrity of the McDonald's brand and fuels Systemwide success. Compensation, Benefits, and Talent Development The compensation and benefits provided to U.S. and internationally-based Company employees, including both corporate staff and Company-owned restaurant employees, is established based upon competitive considerations in the relevant labor market. The amount and type of compensation varies by an employee's level and location, and typically includes some combination of the following (in addition to base pay): cash bonuses, stock-based awards, retirement savings programs, and health and welfare benefits. Company employees may also receive paid time off, family care resources, tuition assistance and flexible work schedules. In 2021, the Company publicly communicated its ongoing commitment to equal pay, which is supported by an annual pay gap analysis that aims to ensure equitable pay practices are consistently implemented and executed across the Company. Results of the 2023 pay gap analysis demonstrated continuous annual progress by showing that women globally in Company owned and operated markets were paid 99.96 cents on the dollar in base pay on average of what men were paid for similar work. Further, there was no base pay gap disfavoring underrepresented groups in the U.S. These results indicate the Company substantially attained equal pay, and in 2024, intends to close the small gaps identified in line with our commitment to close pay gaps identified in annual equal pay analyses. The Company continuously emphasizes the importance of pay that is competitive, non-discriminatory, performance-based, transparent, and compliant with legal and regulatory standards. Additionally, the Company has a long-standing commitment to providing training, education benefits and career path opportunities, that empower its people. Learning and development is a competitive advantage to McDonald’s and a true differentiator to its employee value proposition. McDonald’s Hamburger University has multiple campuses around the world, as well as online and on-demand resources, that provide training for Company employees, as well as franchisees and their eligible employees. The Company is committed to providing opportunities for people to enhance their skills and fulfill their potential through talent development programs, apprenticeship opportunities, and language and technical skill training and support for continuing education, as it believes this helps to facilitate talent attraction, career development, and retention. McDonald’s embraces its role and commitment to the communities it serves. Through its Youth Opportunity program, the Company aims to reduce barriers to employment for two million youth by 2025 through supporting pre-employment job readiness training, employment opportunities and workplace development programs. The Company is also proud to support the network of over 260 local chapters of Ronald McDonald House Charities (“RMHC”) spanning over 60 countries and regions that creates, finds and supports programs that directly improve the health and well-being of children and their families. The Company continues to deliver against its five-year, $100 million commitment to RMHC, which it announced in 2020. In addition, the Company maintains a Global Food Disposition Policy to help support its suppliers and distributors around the world in disposing of food in alignment with McDonald’s food waste hierarchy, enabling food donations wherever possible. The Policy, which aims to avoid food waste and loss while also allowing the System to meet the needs of local communities, is a critical part of the Company's sustainability work and its purpose to feed and foster communities. The Company continues to bring its community impact strategy to life and enhance its support efforts because its business thrives when its communities thrive. McDonald’s creates opportunities that encourage Company employees, franchisees and their employees, suppliers, and customers to get involved in philanthropic and volunteering opportunities. The Company prioritizes action and progress across a range of environmental matters, and endeavors to improve its long-term sustainability and resiliency, which benefit the System and the communities McDonald's serves. The Company monitors environmental regulations and stakeholder expectations to be well positioned to respond in a timely and appropriate manner, as it cannot predict the precise nature of how these matters will continue to evolve. Although any impact would likely vary by geographic region and/or market, the adoption of new environmental laws or regulations may increase costs and/or operational complexity for the Company. To guide its management of environmental matters and to strengthen its resiliency, the Company has developed goals and commitments that are informed by relevant frameworks, including the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). These include initiatives to reduce Systemwide greenhouse gas emissions, support deforestation free sourcing throughout the Company's global supply chain, efficiently manage natural resources and support biodiversity, responsibly source ingredients and packaging, and increase the availability of recycling in restaurants to reduce waste. These are areas of increasing importance to the Company and its stakeholders and where the Company believes it can have an impact and help to drive industry-wide change. In recent years, the Company has made significant progress on many of its global goals and commitments. You can find more information about these initiatives, as well as other environmental sustainability matters, in our 2022-2023 Purpose & Impact Report and on the “Our Purpose & Impact” section of the Company's website, which is updated periodically as progress and performance updates become available. Information can also be found in the Company's annual Climate Change, Forests and Water reports submitted to CDP, an organization that helps companies manage their The Company monitors and manages the evolving environmental landscape to further understand potential risks and opportunities for the business in collaboration with expert partners. The Company believes taking action on environmental matters will drive long-term business value by ensuring that it is managing operational costs in its energy supply, improving the security of its raw material supply, stewarding the environment in its surrounding communities and reducing its exposure to increasing environmental risks, regulation and SUPPLY CHAIN, FOOD SAFETY AND QUALITY The Company and its franchisees purchase food, packaging, equipment, and other goods from numerous independent suppliers. The Company has established and enforces high food safety and quality standards and maintains quality center teams around the world designed to promote consistency of these quality standards and menu compliance. The quality management systems and processes involve ongoing product reviews, supplier visits and third-party verifications. A Food Safety Advisory Council, comprised of the Company’s internal food safety experts as well as suppliers and outside academics, supports the Company’s food safety risk management work and provides strategic global leadership for all aspects of food safety and quality. The Company also has ongoing programs to elevate food safety culture throughout the business by educating employees about food safety practices, including proper storage, handling and preparation of food for customers, and conducting trainings for its suppliers and restaurant operators to share best practices on food safety and quality. The Company collaborates with suppliers to encourage innovation and drive continuous improvement across its global supply chain. The Company also works closely with suppliers and other third-party experts to drive sustainable sourcing initiatives, including the environmental matters discussed above and improving the health and welfare of the animals within its supply chain. Led by its Global Chief Supply Chain Officer, the Company has developed and implemented a comprehensive strategy that its global supply chain organization leverages to identify, assess, and manage risk in its supply chain. To reinforce the importance of its values, the Company maintains a Supplier Code of Conduct that applies to all of its suppliers. The Company expects all of its suppliers to meet the rigorous standards set forth in the Code, which cover areas including human rights, workplace environment, business integrity and environmental management. In addition, the Company has a comprehensive Supplier Workplace Accountability (SWA) program to help suppliers understand its expectations, verify compliance and work toward continuous McDonald’s restaurants offer a substantially uniform menu, although there are geographic variations to suit local consumer preferences and McDonald’s menu features hamburgers and cheeseburgers, the Big Mac, the Quarter Pounder with Cheese, the Filet-O-Fish, and several chicken sandwiches like the McChicken, McCrispy and McSpicy, as well as Chicken McNuggets, World Famous Fries, shakes, McDonald’s restaurants in the U.S. and many international markets offer a full or limited breakfast menu. Breakfast offerings may include breakfast sandwiches, such as the Egg McMuffin, Sausage McMuffin with Egg and McGriddles, biscuit and bagel sandwiches, oatmeal, hash browns, breakfast burritos and hotcakes. In addition to these menu items, restaurants sell a variety of other products during limited-time promotions. Taste, quality, choice, value and nutrition are important to customers, and the Company is continuously evolving its menu to meet its customers' needs, including testing new products on an ongoing basis. McDonald’s global brand is well known. Marketing, promotional and public relations activities are designed with customers in mind and are focused on promoting the McDonald’s brand and differentiating the Company from its competitors. Marketing and promotional efforts focus on value, quality, food taste, menu choice, nutrition, convenience, cultural relevance and the customer experience. The Company owns or is licensed to use valuable intellectual property, including trademarks, service marks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary information. The Company considers the "McDonald's" trademark and the Golden Arches Logo to be of material importance to its business. Depending on the jurisdiction, trademarks and service marks generally are valid as long as they are used and/or registered. The Company's patents, copyrights and licenses are of varying durations. McDonald’s restaurants compete with international, national, regional and local retailers of traditional, fast casual and other food service competitors. The Company measures its competitive position within the informal eating out ("IEO") segment, which is inclusive of the Company's primary competition of quick-service restaurants, but also includes 100% home delivery/takeaway providers, street stalls or kiosks, cafés, specialist coffee shops, self-service cafeterias and juice/smoothie bars. The Company competes among quick-service restaurants primarily on the basis of price, convenience, service, experience, menu variety and product quality. The Company has global operations and is therefore subject to the laws of the United States and many foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, which may differ among jurisdictions. As discussed under “Legal Proceedings – Government Regulations” on page 35 of this Form 10-K, governments have adopted laws and regulations involving various aspects of the restaurant business, including, but not limited to, advertising, franchising, health, safety, environment, competition, zoning, employment and taxation. While costs associated with legal and regulatory compliance have increased along with the number and scope of laws and regulations affecting our business, these costs are not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, earnings or software no longer in use. Additionally, 2022 results were impacted by charges from the sale of the Company's business in Russia, the settlement of a tax audit in France and a gain on the sale of the Company's Dynamic Yield business. Current year and prior year charges and gains are detailed along with reconciliations to the non-GAAP measures in the Net Income and Diluted Earnings Per Share section on page 13 and Operating Income section on page 18 in this Form 10-K. In addition to the comparable sales results above, the Company had the following financial results in 2023: Consolidated revenues increased 10% (10% in constant currencies) to $25.5 billion. Systemwide sales increased 10% (10% in constant currencies) to $129.5 billion. Consolidated operating income increased 24% (24% in constant currencies) to $11.6 billion. Operating margin, defined as operating income as a percent of total revenues, increased from 40% in 2022 to 46% in 2023. Diluted earnings per share of $11.56 increased 39% (38% in constant currencies). Cash provided by operations was $9.6 billion, a 30% increase from the prior year. Capital expenditures of $2.4 billion were allocated approximately 50% to each of reinvestment in existing restaurants and new Free cash flow was $7.3 billion, a 32% increase from the prior year. Across the System, over 2,000 new restaurants (including those in our developmental licensee and affiliated markets) were opened. The Company increased its quarterly cash dividend per share by 10% to $1.67 for the fourth quarter, equivalent to an annual dividend of $6.68 per share. The Company returned a total of $7.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2023. The Company’s Accelerating the Arches growth strategy (the “Strategy”) encompasses all aspects of McDonald’s business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. The Strategy reflects our purpose, values and growth pillars that build on the Company’s competitive advantages. The Company's guiding purpose, mission and values are discussed in a dedicated section on page 4 of this Form 10-K. GROWTH PILLARS The following growth pillars, M-C-D, build on historic strengths and articulate areas of further opportunity. Under the Strategy, the Company will: Maximize our Marketing by investing in new, culturally relevant approaches, grounded in fan truths, to effectively communicate the story of our brand, food and purpose. The Company continues to build relevance with customers through emotional connections and world class creative, which are central to the brand’s “Feel-Good Marketing” approach. This is exemplified by campaigns that elevate the entire brand and have been scaled around the globe to connect with customers in authentic and relatable ways. Another way McDonald’s connects with its customers is through personalized value and digital offers available on the McDonald’s mobile app. The Company is committed to a marketing strategy that highlights value at every tier of the menu, as affordability remains a cornerstone of the McDonald’s brand. Commit to the Core menu by tapping into customer demand for the familiar and focusing on serving our iconic products that are beloved by customers around the world such as our World Famous Fries, Big Mac, Quarter Pounder and Chicken McNuggets, which are a few of our seventeen unique billion-dollar brands. Building on its foundational strength with burgers, the Company will continue to evolve and innovate its longest-standing menu item with plans to implement “Best Burger”; a series of operational and formulation changes designed to deliver hotter, juicier, tastier burgers to nearly all markets by 2026. Further, the Company is focused on continuing to gain share in the rapidly growing chicken category, as the Company continues to aggressively expand its chicken brands. This includes plans to offer McCrispy in nearly all markets by the end of 2025 and to expand McCrispy into wraps and tenders in several markets. These planned innovations and new menu offerings reflect the Company’s ability to test and scale quickly to meet evolving customer preferences. The Company also continues to see a significant opportunity with coffee, demonstrated by markets leveraging the McCafé brand, customer experience, value and quality. Double Down on the 4D's: Digital, Delivery, Drive Thru and Restaurant Development by leveraging competitive strengths and building a powerful digital experience growth engine to deliver a personalized and convenient customer experience. To unlock further growth, the Company plans to continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings and technology innovation so that whenever and however customers choose to interact with McDonald’s, they can enjoy a fast, easy experience that meets their needs. The Company’s digital experience is transforming how customers order, pay and receive their food. Through digital tools, customers can access personalized offers, participate in a loyalty program, order through the mobile app and receive McDonald's food through the channel of their choice. In the U.S., we are piloting “Ready on Arrival”; a digital enhancement that enables crew to begin assembling a customer’s mobile order prior to their arrival at the restaurant to expedite service and elevate customer satisfaction. The Company plans to deploy this initiative across its top six markets by the end of 2025. The Company has successful loyalty programs in approximately 50 markets around the world, including its top six markets. McDonald’s loyalty customers have proven to be highly engaged, and the Company plans to increase its 90-day active users from over 150 million today to 250 million by 2027. Further, the Company plans to grow its annual Systemwide sales to loyalty members from over $20 billion today to $45 billion by 2027. The Company offers delivery in over 35,000 restaurants across about 100 markets, representing over 85% of McDonald's restaurants. The Company is continuing to build on and enhance the delivery experience for customers, including adding the ability to place a delivery order on the McDonald's mobile app (a feature that is available in five of the Company’s top markets). The Company is scaling this capability, expecting to increase the percentage of delivery business originating from its mobile app to 30% by 2027. The Company also has long-term strategic partnerships with delivery providers that continue to benefit the Company, customers and franchisees by optimizing operational efficiencies and creating a seamless The Company is the largest drive thru player worldwide, with more than 27,000 drive thru locations globally, including nearly 95% of the approximately 13,500 locations in the U.S. This channel remains a competitive advantage in meeting customers’ demand for flexibility and choice. McDonald’s network provides unmatched scale and convenience for customers. This competitive advantage in drive thru also presents significant opportunities for growth, such as improving the physical layout of the drive thru with additional lanes, creating additional capacity, which improves speed and efficiency and ultimately leads to sales growth and strong returns. The Company continues to build on its drive thru advantage, as the vast majority of new restaurant openings in the U.S. and International Operated Market segments will include a drive thru. The Company will continue to accelerate the pace of restaurant openings to attempt to fully capture the increased demand being driven through the MCD growth pillars in many of its largest markets. In 2024, the Company plans to open more than 2,100 new restaurants across the globe, which will contribute to nearly 4% new unit growth. Accordingly, the Company will continue to build on its industry-leading development progress by targeting expansion to 50,000 restaurants by the end of 2027, which would make it the fastest period of growth in Company history. Foundational to the Strategy is keeping the customer and restaurant crew at the center of everything the Company does, along with a relentless focus on running great restaurants, empowering its people and continuing to modernize our ways of working through the Organization . Further, as the Company plans for long term growth and solidifying McDonald’s leadership position, the Company will develop three platforms to build our competitive advantages, cement our place in culture and stay one step ahead of the next generation of digital customers. Together, our foundation and platforms will extend the Company’s leadership position and unlock new growth opportunities and efficiencies for our business over the long-term. Our platforms are: The Company is creating one of the world’s largest consumer platforms , which will bring together the best of our brand and utilize our physical and digital competitive advantages. The consumer platform will enable the Company to accelerate growth in our loyalty program and drive valuable loyalty customers to visit more frequently. The Company is also building the easiest and most efficient restaurant operating platform that will enable franchisees to run restaurants more efficiently and utilize the latest technology to make the crew’s jobs to deliver exceptional customer service easier. The Company will deploy new, universal software that all McDonald’s restaurants will run on, enabling restaurants to roll out innovation even faster, with less complexity and more stability; and customers will enjoy a more familiar, Company: The Company is building a modern operating platform that will unlock speed and innovation throughout the organization, to enable further growth as it modernizes the way it works by focusing on becoming faster, more innovative and more efficient at solving problems for its customers and people. Developing these platforms includes continued investments in digital, innovation and the Global Business Services organization. The Strategy is aligned with the Company’s capital allocation philosophy of investing in opportunities to grow the business and drive strong returns, for example through new restaurants and reinvesting in existing restaurants, and returning free cash flow to shareholders over time through dividends and share repurchases. The Company believes the Strategy builds on its inherent strengths by harnessing its competitive advantages while leveraging its size, scale, agility and the power of the McDonald’s brand to adapt and adjust to an uncertain macro environment to meet customer demands. The Strategy is supported by a strong global senior leadership team aimed at executing against the MCD growth pillars and accelerating the Company’s broad-based business momentum. Based on current conditions, the following is provided to assist in forecasting the Company's future results for 2024. The Company expects net restaurant unit expansion will contribute nearly 2% to 2024 Systemwide sales growth, in constant The Company expects full year 2024 selling, general and administrative expenses of about 2.2% of Systemwide sales. The Company expects 2024 operating margin percent to be in the mid-to-high 40% range. Based on current interest and foreign currency exchange rates, the Company expects interest expense for the full year 2024 to increase between 9% and 11% driven primarily by higher average interest rates and a higher average debt balance. The Company expects the effective income tax rate for the full year 2024 to be in the 20% to 22% range. Some volatility may result in a quarterly tax rate outside of the annual range. The Company expects 2024 capital expenditures to be between $2.5 and $2.7 billion, more than half of which will be directed towards new restaurant unit expansion across the U.S. and International Operated Markets. Globally, the Company expects to open more than 2,100 restaurants. The Company will open about 500 restaurants in the U.S. and International Operated Markets segments, and developmental licensees and affiliates will contribute capital towards more than 1,600 restaurant openings in their respective markets. The Company expects over 1,600 net restaurant additions in 2024. The Company expects to achieve a free cash flow conversion rate in the 90% range. Over the long-term, the Company expects to achieve the following average annual financial targets: Net restaurant unit expansion of about 2.5% of Systemwide sales growth, in constant currencies; Continued operating margin expansion; From the 2024 Outlook capital expenditures between $2.5 and $2.7 billion, with sequential increases of about $300 million to $500 million each year through 2027; Between 4% and 5% net new restaurant unit growth, targeting 50,000 global units by 2027 with a run rate of about 1,000 gross restaurant openings across the U.S. and International Operated Markets segments in 2027; and Free cash flow conversion rate in the 90% range. FKH9>7I?D==EE:I7D:I;HL?9;I?DBE97B9KHH;D9?;I <?D7D9?D=?DBE97B9KHH;D9?;I7D:>;:=?D=9;HJ7?D<EH;?=D :;DEC?D7J;:97I><BEMI ,;IKBJI BE97J?ED CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The preparation of these financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses as well as related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates and judgments based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from The Company reviews its financial reporting and disclosure practices and accounting policies quarterly to confirm that they provide accurate and transparent information relative to the current economic and business environment. The Company believes that of its significant accounting policies, the following involve a higher degree of judgment and/or complexity: Property and equipment Property and equipment are depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful lives based on management’s estimates of the period over which the assets will generate revenue (not to exceed lease term plus options for leased property). The useful lives are estimated based on historical experience with similar assets, taking into account anticipated technological or other changes. Refer to the Property and Equipment section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 44 of this Form 10-K and the Property and Equipment footnote on page 50 of this Form 10-K for additional information. The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability include an assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised by the Company. The Company also uses an incremental borrowing rate in calculating the Lease liability that represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur to borrow on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular currency environment. Refer to the Leasing section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 44 of this Form 10-K and the Leasing Arrangements footnote on page 51 of this Form 10-K for additional information. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually. If qualitative indicators of impairment are present, such as changes in global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, competition, and consumer and demographic trends, the Company will use these and other factors in estimating future cash flows when testing for the recoverability of its long-lived assets. Estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgements based on the Company’s experience and knowledge of its operations. A key assumption impacting estimated future cash flows is the estimated change in comparable sales. If the Company’s estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, it may be required to record impairment charges. Refer to the Long-lived Assets section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 44 of this Form 10-K for additional information. In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits and other claims primarily related to competitors, customers, employees, franchisees, government agencies, intellectual property, shareholders and suppliers. The Company is required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. Refer to the Contingencies footnote on page 53 of this Form 10-K for additional information. Income taxes The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets if it is considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company operates within, and is subject to audit in, multiple taxing jurisdictions. The Company records accruals for the estimated outcomes of these audits, and the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter. Refer to the Income Taxes section in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote on page 45 of this Form 10-K and the Income Taxes footnote on page 55 of this Form 10-K for additional information. EFFECTS OF CHANGING PRICES — INFLATION As broader inflationary pressures in the economy begin to ease, the restaurant industry is expected to experience some relief in supply chain and other cost challenges. Although the challenges of an inflationary environment may still exist, the Company has demonstrated an ability to manage these inflationary cost increases effectively through its rapid inventory turnover, ability to adjust menu prices, cost controls and substantial property holdings, many of which are at fixed costs. 97F?J7B?P;EDEKH=BE87BI97B; ?9ED?98H7D:7D:BE97BC7HA;JFH;I;D9;JE8K?B:KFEDEKH>?IJEH?9IJH;D=J>I7D:9ECF;J?J?L; Additionally, we operate in a complex and costly advertising environment. Our marketing and advertising programs may not be successful in reaching consumers in the way we intend. Our success depends in part on whether the allocation of our advertising and marketing resources across different channels, including digital, allows us to reach consumers effectively, efficiently and in ways that are meaningful to them. If our advertising and marketing programs are not successful, or are not as successful as those of our competitors, our sales, guest counts and market share could decrease. Our investments to transform and enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected results. Our long-term business objectives depend on the successful Systemwide execution of our strategies. We continue to build upon our investments in restaurant development, technology, digital engagement and delivery in order to transform and enhance the customer experience. As part of these investments, we are continuing to place emphasis on improving our service model and strengthening relationships with customers, in part through digital channels and loyalty initiatives, mobile ordering and payment systems, and enhancing our drive thru technologies, which efforts may not generate expected results. We also continue to expand and refine our delivery initiatives, including through integrating delivery and mobile ordering. Utilizing a third-party delivery service may not have the same level of profitability as a non-delivery transaction, and may introduce additional food quality, food safety and customer satisfaction risks. If these customer experience initiatives are not successfully executed, or if we do not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments, our business results may suffer. We face intense competition in our markets, which could hurt our business. We compete primarily in the IEO segment, which is highly competitive. We also face sustained, intense competition from traditional, fast casual and other competitors, which may include many non-traditional market participants such as convenience stores, grocery stores, coffee shops and online retailers. We expect our environment to continue to be highly competitive, and our results in any particular reporting period may be impacted by a contracting IEO segment or by new or continuing actions, product offerings, technologies or consolidation of our competitors and third-party partners, which may have a short- or long-term impact on our results. We compete primarily on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service and location. In particular, we believe our ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, successfully develop and introduce new products, price our products appropriately, deliver a relevant customer experience, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations, manage our investments in restaurant development, technology, digital engagement and delivery, and respond effectively to our competitors’ actions or offerings or to unforeseen disruptive actions. There can be no assurance these strategies will be effective, and some strategies may be effective at improving some metrics while adversely affecting others, which could have the overall effect of harming our business. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property or adequately ensure that we are not infringing the intellectual property of others, which could harm the value of the McDonald’s brand and our business. Our success depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents and other intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. The trademarks that we currently use have not been, and may never be, registered in all of the countries outside of the U.S. in which we do business or may do business in the future. It may be costly and time consuming to protect our intellectual property, particularly in rapidly evolving areas, and the steps we have taken to do so in the U.S. and foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the steps we have taken may not adequately ensure that we do not infringe the intellectual property of others, and third parties may claim infringement by us in the future. In particular, we may be involved in intellectual property claims, including often aggressive or opportunistic attempts to enforce patents used in information technology systems, which might affect our operations and results. Any claim of infringement, whether or not it has merit, could, particularly in rapidly evolving areas, be time consuming, or result in costly litigation and could also have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we cannot ensure that franchisees and other third parties who hold licenses to our intellectual property will not take actions that adversely affect the value of our intellectual property. The global scope of our business subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business. We encounter differing cultural, regulatory, geopolitical and economic environments within and among the more than 100 countries where McDonald’s restaurants operate, and our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on the System’s success in these environments. Meeting customer expectations is complicated by the risks inherent in our global operating environment, and our global success is partially dependent on our System’s ability to leverage operating successes across markets and brand perceptions. Planned initiatives may not have appeal across multiple markets with McDonald’s customers and could drive unanticipated changes in customer perceptions and market share. Disruptions in operations or price volatility in a market can also result from governmental actions, such as price, foreign exchange or trade-related tariffs or controls, trade policies and regulations, sanctions and counter sanctions, government-mandated closure of our, our franchisees’ or our suppliers’ operations, and asset seizures. Such disruptions or volatility can also result from acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities. For example, the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East have resulted in unpredictable conditions in regions throughout the world. The impacts of these wars on already-volatile macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical tensions, supply chain availability, consumer demand and the ability of us and our franchisees to operate in certain geographic areas, may also continue to have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. While we may face challenges and uncertainties in any of the markets in which we operate, such challenges and uncertainties are often heightened in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption and social and ethnic unrest. In many cases, such challenges may be exacerbated by the lack of an independent and experienced judiciary and uncertainty in how local law is applied and enforced, including in areas most relevant to commercial transactions and foreign investment. An inability to manage effectively the risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business and financial results. Supply chain interruptions may increase costs or reduce revenues. We depend on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure a reliable and sufficient supply of quality products, equipment and other materials on favorable terms. Although many of these items are sourced from a wide variety of suppliers in countries around the world, certain items have limited suppliers, which may increase our reliance on those suppliers. Supply chain interruptions and related price increases have in the past and may in the future adversely affect us as well as our suppliers and franchisees, whose performance may have a significant impact on our results. Such interruptions and price increases could be caused by shortages, inflationary pressures, unexpected increases in demand, transportation-related issues, labor-related issues, technology-related issues, weather-related events, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, or other factors beyond the control of us or our suppliers or franchisees. Interruptions in our System’s supply chain or ineffective contingency planning can increase our costs and/or limit the availability of products, equipment and other materials that are critical to our System’s operations or to restaurant development. Our franchise business model presents a number of risks. Our success as a heavily franchised business relies to a large degree on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees, including our developmental licensees and affiliates. Our restaurant margins arise from two sources: fees from franchised restaurants (e.g., rent and royalties based on a percentage of sales) and, to a lesser degree, sales from Company-operated restaurants. Our franchisees and developmental licensees manage their businesses independently and therefore are responsible for the day-to-day operation of their restaurants. The revenues we realize from franchised restaurants are largely dependent on the ability of our franchisees to grow their sales. Business risks affecting our operations also affect our franchisees. If franchisee sales trends worsen, or any of such risks materialize or intensify, our financial results could be negatively affected, which may be material. Our success also relies on the willingness and ability of our independent franchisees and affiliates to implement major initiatives, which may include financial investment, and to remain aligned with us on operating, value/promotional and capital-intensive reinvestment plans. The ability of franchisees to contribute to the achievement of our plans is dependent in large part on the availability to them of funding at reasonable interest rates and may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in general, by their or our creditworthiness or by banks’ lending practices. If our franchisees are unwilling or unable to invest in major initiatives or are unable to obtain financing at commercially reasonable rates, or at all, our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our operating performance could also be negatively affected if our franchisees experience food safety or other operational problems or project an image inconsistent with our brand and values, particularly if our contractual and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise or subjected to litigation and potential delays. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our required standards, our brand’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt our business and operating results. Our ownership mix also affects our results and financial condition. The decision to own restaurants or to operate under franchise or license agreements is driven by many factors whose interrelationship is complex. The benefits of our more heavily franchised structure depend on various factors, including whether we have effectively selected franchisees, licensees and/or affiliates that meet our rigorous standards, whether we are able to successfully integrate them into our structure and whether their performance and the resulting ownership mix supports our brand and financial objectives. Continued challenges with respect to labor, including availability and cost, could adversely impact our business and results of Our success depends in part on our System’s ability to effectively attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain qualified individuals to work in McDonald’s restaurants and to maintain appropriately-staffed restaurants in an intensely competitive labor market. We and our franchisees have experienced and may continue to experience challenges in adequately staffing certain McDonald’s restaurants, which can negatively impact operations, including speed of service to customers, and customer satisfaction levels. The System’s ability to meet its labor needs as they evolve is generally subject to a variety of factors, including the availability of sufficient workforce, unemployment levels and prevailing wages in the markets in which we operate. Further, our System has experienced increased costs and competition associated with attracting, recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining qualified employees, as well as with promoting awareness of the opportunities of working at McDonald’s restaurants. We and our franchisees also continue to be impacted by increasingly complex U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting our respective workforces. These laws and regulations are increasingly focused on, and in certain cases impose requirements with respect to, employment matters such as wages and hours, healthcare, immigration, retirement and other employee benefits and workplace practices. Such laws and regulations can expose us and our franchisees to increased costs and other effects of compliance, including potential liability, and all such labor and compliance costs could have a negative impact on our Company-operated margins and franchisee profitability. Our potential exposure to reputational and other harm regarding our workplace practices or conditions or those of our independent franchisees or suppliers, including those giving rise to claims of harassment or discrimination (or perceptions thereof) or workplace safety, could have a negative impact on consumer perceptions of us and our business. Additionally, economic action, such as boycotts, protests, work stoppages or campaigns by labor organizations, could adversely affect us (including our ability to attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain talent) or our franchisees and suppliers, whose performance may have a significant impact on our results. Effective succession planning is important to our continued success. Effective succession planning for management is important to our long-term success. Failure to effectively attract, recruit, develop, motivate and retain qualified key personnel, or to execute smooth personnel transitions, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results. Food safety concerns may have an adverse effect on our business. Our ability to increase sales and profits depends on our System’s ability to meet expectations for safe food and on our ability to manage the potential impact on McDonald’s of food-borne illnesses and food or product safety issues that may arise in the future, including in the supply chain, restaurants or delivery. Food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources aimed at ensuring that our customers enjoy safe food products, including as our menu and service model evolve. However, food safety events, including instances of food-borne illness, occur within the food industry and our System from time to time and could occur in the future. Instances of food tampering, food contamination or food-borne illness, whether actual or perceived, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial results. If we do not effectively manage our real estate portfolio, our operating results may be negatively impacted. We have significant real estate operations, primarily in connection with our restaurant business. We generally own or secure a long- term lease on the land and building for conventional franchised and Company-operated restaurant sites. We seek to identify and develop restaurant locations that offer convenience to customers and long-term sales and profit potential. As we generally secure long-term real estate interests for our restaurants, we have limited flexibility to quickly alter our real estate portfolio. The competitive business landscape continues to evolve in light of changing business trends, consumer preferences, trade area demographics, consumer use of digital, delivery and drive thru, local competitive positions and other economic factors. If our restaurants are not located in desirable locations, or if we do not evolve in response to these factors, it could adversely affect Systemwide sales and profitability. Our real estate values and the costs associated with our real estate operations are also impacted by a variety of other factors, including governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, the cost of financing, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, or other factors beyond our control. A significant change in real estate values, or an increase in costs as a result of any of these factors, could adversely affect our operating results. Information technology system failures or interruptions, or breaches of network security, may impact our operations or cause We are increasingly reliant upon technology systems, such as point-of-sale, that support our business operations, including our digital and delivery solutions, and technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration with affiliated entities, customers, employees, franchisees, suppliers, service providers or other independent third parties to conduct our business, whether developed and maintained by us or provided by third parties. Any failure or interruption of these systems could significantly impact our or our franchisees’ operations, or our customers’ experiences and perceptions. In addition, the artificial intelligence tools we are incorporating into certain aspects of our restaurant operations may not generate the intended efficiencies and may impact our business results. Security incidents or breaches have from time to time occurred and may in the future occur involving our systems, the systems of the parties with whom we communicate or collaborate (including franchisees) or the systems of third-party providers. These may include such things as unauthorized access, phishing attacks, account takeovers, denial of service, computer viruses, deepfakes and other malicious uses of artificial intelligence, introduction of malware or ransomware and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. Certain of these technology systems contain personal, financial and other information of our customers, employees, franchisees and their employees, suppliers and other third parties, as well as financial, proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. Despite response procedures and measures in place in the event of an incident, a security breach could result in disruptions, shutdowns, or the theft or unauthorized disclosure of such information. The actual or alleged occurrence of any of these incidents could result in mitigation costs, reputational damage, adverse publicity, loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and profits, complications in executing our growth initiatives and regulatory and legal risk, including administrative fines, criminal or civil penalties or civil liabilities. Despite the implementation of business continuity measures, any of these technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. Certain technology systems may also become vulnerable, unreliable or inefficient in cases where technology vendors limit or terminate product support and maintenance. Our increasing reliance on third-party systems also subjects us to risks faced by those third-party businesses, including operational, security and credit risks. If technology systems were to fail or otherwise be unavailable, or if business continuity or disaster recovery plans were not effective, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our or our franchisees’ operations. LEGAL AND REGULATORY Increasing regulatory and legal complexity may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our regulatory and legal environment worldwide exposes us to complex compliance, litigation and similar risks that could affect our operations and results in material ways. Many of our markets are subject to increasing, conflicting and highly prescriptive regulations involving, among other matters, restaurant operations, product packaging, marketing, use of information technology systems, the nutritional and allergen content and safety of our food and other products, labeling and other disclosure practices. Compliance efforts with those regulations may be affected by ordinary variations in food preparation among our own restaurants and the need to rely on the accuracy and completeness of information from third-party suppliers. We also are subject to increasing public focus, including by governmental and non- governmental organizations, on environmental, social responsibility and corporate governance matters. Our success depends in part on our ability to manage the impact of regulations and other initiatives that can affect our business plans and operations, which have increased and may continue to increase our costs of doing business and exposure to litigation, governmental investigations or other proceedings. We are also subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our business, including, but not limited to, class actions, administrative proceedings, government investigations and proceedings, shareholder proceedings, employment and personal injury claims, landlord/tenant disputes, supplier-related disputes, and claims by current or former franchisees. Regardless of whether claims against us are valid or whether we are found to be liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management’s attention away from Litigation, legislative and regulatory action concerning our relationship with franchisees and the legal distinction between our franchisees and us for employment law or other purposes, if determined adversely, could challenge our franchise business model, increase costs, negatively impact our business operations and the business prospects of our franchisees and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. Similarly, although our commercial relationships with our suppliers remain independent, there may be attempts to challenge that independence, which, if determined adversely, could also increase costs, negatively impact the business prospects of our suppliers, and subject us to incremental liability for their actions. Our results could also be affected by the following: the relative level of our defense costs, which vary from period to period depending on the number, nature and procedural status of pending proceedings; the cost and other effects of settlements, judgments or consent decrees, which may require us to make disclosures or take other actions that may affect perceptions of our brand and products; and adverse results of pending or future litigation, including litigation challenging the composition and preparation of our products, or the appropriateness or accuracy of our marketing or other communication practices. A judgment significantly in excess of any applicable insurance coverage or third-party indemnity could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Further, adverse publicity resulting from claims may hurt our business. If we are unable to effectively manage the risks associated with our complex regulatory and legal environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability. We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, and our operations, plans and results are affected by tax and other initiatives around the world. In particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or policy or related authoritative interpretations. We are also impacted by settlements of pending or any future adjustments proposed by taxing and governmental authorities inside and outside of the U.S. in connection with our tax audits, all of which will depend on their timing, nature and scope. Any significant increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Changes in accounting standards or the recognition of impairment or other charges may adversely affect our future operations and results. New accounting standards or changes in financial reporting requirements, accounting principles or practices, including with respect to our critical accounting estimates, could adversely affect our future results. We may also be affected by the nature and timing of decisions about underperforming markets or assets, including decisions that result in impairment or other charges that reduce our earnings. In assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, we consider changes in economic conditions and make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. These estimates are highly subjective and can be significantly impacted by many factors such as global and local business and economic conditions, operating costs, inflation, interest rate levels, competition, consumer and demographic trends and our restructuring activities. If our estimates or underlying assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges. Any such changes could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results for the affected periods. If we fail to comply with privacy and data protection laws, we could be subject to legal proceedings and penalties, which could negatively affect our financial results or brand perceptions. We are subject to legal and compliance risks and associated liability related to privacy and data protection requirements, including those associated with our technology-related services and platforms made available to business partners, customers, employees, franchisees or other third parties. An increasing number of our markets have enacted new privacy and data protection requirements (including the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation and various U.S. state-level laws), and further requirements are likely to be proposed or enacted in the future. Failure to comply with these privacy and data protection laws could result in legal proceedings and substantial administrative fines, criminal or civil penalties or civil liabilities and materially adversely impact our financial results or brand MACROECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS Unfavorable general economic conditions could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our results of operations are substantially affected by economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, which can vary significantly by market and can impact consumer disposable income levels and spending habits. Economic conditions can be impacted by a variety of factors, including hostilities, epidemics, pandemics and actions taken by governments to manage national and international economic matters, whether through austerity, stimulus measures or trade measures, and initiatives intended to control wages, unemployment, credit availability, inflation, taxation and other economic drivers. Sustained adverse economic conditions or periodic adverse changes in economic conditions put pressure on our operating performance and business continuity disruption planning, and our business and financial results may suffer as a result. Our results of operations are also affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and unfavorable currency fluctuations could Health epidemics or pandemics could adversely affect our business and financial results. Health epidemics or pandemics have in the past and may in the future impact macroeconomic conditions, consumer behavior, labor availability and supply chain management, as well as local operations in impacted markets, all of which can adversely affect our business, financial results and outlook. Governmental responses to health epidemics or pandemics, including operational restrictions, can also affect the foregoing items and adversely affect our business and financial results. The duration and scope of a health epidemic or pandemic can be difficult to predict and depends on many factors, including the emergence of new variants and the availability, acceptance and effectiveness of preventative measures. A health epidemic or pandemic may also heighten other risks disclosed in these Risk Factors, including, but not limited to, those related to the availability and costs of labor and commodities, supply chain interruptions, consumer behavior, and consumer perceptions of our brand and industry. Changes in commodity and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations. The profitability of our Company-operated restaurants depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in commodity costs, including food, paper, supplies, fuel and utilities, as well as distribution and other operating costs, including labor. Volatility in certain commodity prices and fluctuations in labor costs have adversely affected and in the future could adversely affect our operating results by impacting restaurant profitability. The commodity markets for some of the ingredients we use, such as beef, chicken and pork, are particularly volatile due to factors such as seasonal shifts, climate conditions, industry demand and other macroeconomic conditions, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls, government regulation, and acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, all of which are beyond our control and, in many instances, unpredictable. Our System can only partially address future price risk through hedging and other activities, and therefore increases in commodity costs could have an adverse impact on our profitability. A decrease in our credit ratings or an increase in our funding costs could adversely affect our profitability. Our credit ratings may be negatively affected by our results of operations or changes in our debt levels. As a result, our interest expense, the availability of acceptable counterparties, our ability to obtain funding on favorable terms, our collateral requirements and our operating or financial flexibility could all be negatively affected, especially if lenders were to impose new operating or financial covenants. Our operations may also be impacted by regulations affecting capital flows, financial markets or financial institutions, which can limit our ability to manage and deploy our liquidity or increase our funding costs. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The trading volatility and price of our common stock may be adversely affected by many factors. Many factors affect the trading volatility and price of our common stock in addition to our operating results and prospects. These factors, many of which are beyond our control, include the following: the unpredictable nature of global economic and market conditions; governmental action or inaction in light of key indicators of economic activity or events that can significantly influence financial markets, particularly in the U.S., which is the principal trading market for our common stock, and media reports and commentary about economic, trade or other matters, even when the matter in question does not directly relate to our business; trading activity in our common stock, in derivative instruments with respect to our common stock or in our debt securities, which can be affected by: market commentary (including commentary that may be unreliable or incomplete); unauthorized disclosures about our performance, plans or expectations about our business; our actual performance and creditworthiness; investor confidence, driven in part by expectations about our performance; actions by shareholders and others seeking to influence our business strategies; portfolio transactions in our common stock by significant shareholders; and trading activity that results from the ordinary course rebalancing of stock indices in which McDonald’s may be included, such as the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average; the impact of our stock repurchase program or dividend rate; and the impact of corporate actions, including changes to our corporate structure, and market and third-party perceptions and assessments of such actions, including those we may take from time to time as we implement our business strategies in light of changing business, legal and tax considerations. Our business is subject to an increasing focus on environmental and social impact matters. In recent years, there has been an increasing focus by stakeholders – including employees, franchisees, customers, suppliers, governmental and non-governmental organizations and investors – on environmental and social impact matters. A failure, whether real or perceived, to address environmental and social impact matters or to achieve progress on our environmental and social impact initiatives on the anticipated timing or at all, could adversely affect our business, including by heightening other risks disclosed in these Risk Factors, such as those related to consumer behavior, consumer perceptions of our brand, labor availability and costs, supply chain interruptions, commodity costs, and legal and regulatory complexity. Conversely, our taking a position, whether real or perceived, on environmental and social impact, public policy, geopolitical and similar matters could also adversely impact our business. The standards we set for ourselves regarding environmental and social impact matters, and our ability to meet such standards, may also impact our business. For example, we are working to manage risks and costs to our System related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources, and we have announced initiatives relating to, among other things, climate action, sustainability, and responsible sourcing. In addition, we are engaging in social impact initiatives, including community engagement and philanthropy; as well as diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. We have faced increased scrutiny related to reporting on and achieving these initiatives, as well as continued public focus on similar matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. We have also experienced increased pressure from stakeholders to provide expanded disclosure and establish additional commitments, targets or goals, and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to additional market, operational, execution and reputational costs and risks. Moreover, addressing environmental and social impact matters requires Systemwide as well as third party coordination and alignment, over which we do not have complete control and which may be unpredictable. The standards by which certain environmental and social impact matters are measured are also evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time. Events such as severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities, social unrest and climate change, among others, can adversely affect our results and prospects. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorism or other hostilities, social unrest or climate change (or expectations about them) can adversely affect consumer behavior and confidence levels, supply availability and costs and local operations in impacted markets, all of which can affect our results and prospects. Climate change may also increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events and natural disasters. Our receipt of proceeds under any insurance we maintain with respect to some of these risks may be delayed or the proceeds may be insufficient to cover our losses fully. The Company has pending a number of claims and lawsuits that have been filed in various jurisdictions. These claims and lawsuits cover a broad variety of allegations spanning the Company’s business. The following is a brief description of the more significant types of such claims and lawsuits. In addition, the Company is subject to various laws and regulations that impact its business, as discussed under “Government Regulations” below. While the Company does not believe that any such claims, lawsuits, laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, unfavorable rulings could occur. Were an unfavorable ruling to occur, it could result in a material adverse impact on the Company’s net income for the period in which it occurs and/or future periods. Most McDonald’s restaurants are franchised to independent owner/operators and developmental licensees under contractual arrangements with the Company. In the course of the franchise relationship, occasional disputes arise between the Company and its current or former franchisees relating to a broad range of subjects, including, but not limited to, quality, service, cleanliness, menu pricing, alleged discrimination, delinquent payments of rents and fees, and franchise grants, renewals and terminations. Occasional disputes also arise between the Company and individuals or entities who claim they should be (or should have been) granted a franchise or who challenge the legal distinction between the Company and its franchisees for employment law purposes. The Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries generally do not supply food, paper or related items to any McDonald’s restaurants. The Company relies upon numerous independent suppliers, including service providers, that are required to meet and maintain the Company’s high standards and specifications. Occasional disputes arise between the Company and its current or former suppliers relating to, for example, compliance with product specifications and the Company’s business relationship with suppliers. Occasional disputes also arise between the Company and individuals or entities who claim they should be (or should have been) granted the opportunity to supply products or services to the Company or its restaurants. Hundreds of thousands of people are employed by the Company and in restaurants owned and operated by its subsidiaries. In addition, thousands of people from time to time seek employment in such restaurants. In the ordinary course of business, occasional disputes arise relating to hiring, termination, promotion and pay practices, including, but not limited to, wage and hour disputes, alleged discrimination and compliance with labor and employment laws. Customers McDonald’s restaurants – whether owned by subsidiaries of the Company, independent owner/operators or developmental licensees – regularly serve a broad segment of the public around the world. In so doing, disputes occasionally arise relating to products, service, incidents, pricing, advertising, disclosures (including relating to nutrition) and other matters common to an extensive restaurant business such as that of the Company. The Company has registered trademarks, service marks, patents and copyrights, some of which it considers to be of material importance to its business. From time to time, the Company may become involved in litigation to protect its intellectual property and defend against the alleged use of third-party intellectual property. National and local governments have adopted laws and regulations relating to various aspects of the restaurant business, including, but not limited to, advertising, franchising, health, safety, environment, competition, zoning, employment and taxation. The Company is occasionally involved in litigation or other proceedings regarding these matters. While the Company strives to comply with all applicable existing statutory and administrative requirements, it cannot predict the effect on its operations of these matters or the issuance or enactment of any future The Company owns and leases real estate primarily in connection with its restaurant business. The Company identifies and develops sites that offer convenience to customers and long-term sales and profit potential to the System. To assess potential, the Company analyzes traffic and walking patterns, census data and other relevant data. The Company’s experience and access to advanced technology aid in evaluating this information. The Company generally owns or secures a long-term lease on the land and building for conventional franchised and Company-operated restaurant sites, which facilitates long-term occupancy rights and helps control related costs. Restaurant profitability for both the Company and franchisees is important; therefore, ongoing efforts are made to control average development costs through construction and design efficiencies, standardization and by leveraging the Company’s global sourcing network. In addition, the Company primarily leases real estate in connection with its corporate headquarters, field and other offices. Additional information about the Company’s properties is included in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section beginning on page 8 of this Form 10-K and in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data section beginning on page 37 of this Form 10-K. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following are the executive officers of the Company as of the date of this filing: , 56, is Executive Vice President – Chief Global Impact Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Banner served as Executive Vice President, Communications for PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, from May 2014 to August 2022. , 55, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Financial Officer, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Borden served as President, International, from January 2020 to August 2022, as President – International Developmental Licensed Markets from January 2019 to December 2019. Mr. Borden has served the Company for 29 years. , 54, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief People Officer, a position she has held since April 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Capozzi served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources for The Boeing Company, a manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems, from March 2016 to April 2020. , 50, is Executive Vice President – President, McDonald's USA, a position he has held since November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Erlinger served as President – International Operated Markets from January 2019 to October 2019. Mr. Erlinger has served the Company for 21 years. , 49, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Marketing Officer and New Business Ventures, a position she has held since February 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Flatley served as Senior Vice President - Global Chief Marketing Officer from November 2021 to January 2023 and as Senior Vice President - Chief Marketing and Digital Customer Experience Officer from May 2017 to November 2021. , 63, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Supply Chain Officer, a position she has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Gross served as Senior Vice President – Chief Supply Chain Officer, North America from May 2013 to August 2022. Ms. Gross has served the Company for 30 years. 52, is Senior Vice President – Corporate Controller, a position she has held since July 2021. Prior to that, Ms. Hoovel served as Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer from October 2016 to July 2021. Ms. Hoovel has served the Company for 27 years. , 55, is President and Chief Executive Officer, a position he has held since November 2019. Prior to that, Mr. Kempczinski served as President, McDonald’s USA from January 2017 to October 2019. Mr. Kempczinski has served the Company for eight , 59, is Executive Vice President – President, International Operated Markets, a position she has held since September 2022. Prior to re-joining the Company, Ms. McDonald served as Chief Executive Officer for Costa Coffee, a beverage company, from December 2019 to July 2022, as Managing Director, Clothing, Home & Beauty for Marks and Spencer Group plc, a multinational clothing and home products retailer, from October 2017 to July 2019. Ms. McDonald previously worked at the Company from June 2006 to March 2015. , 57, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, a position she has held since April 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ralls-Morrison served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Boston Scientific Corporation, a medical device manufacturer, from November 2017 to April 2021. 60, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Information Officer, a position he has held since August 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rice served as Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Global Business Services for Cardinal Health, Inc., a healthcare services company, from February 2019 to August 2022, and as Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer and Global Business Services for the Kellogg Company, a food manufacturing company, from February 2009 to February 2019. , 56, is Senior Vice President and President, International Developmental Licensed Markets, a position he has held since September 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Sempels served as Senior Vice President - International Developmental Licensed Markets from December 2019 to August 2022, as Vice President, Business Unit Lead International Developmental Licensed Markets Europe from January 2019 to December 2019. Mr. Sempels has served the Company for 31 years. 53, is Executive Vice President – Global Chief Customer Officer, a position he has held since August 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Steijaert served as Vice President, International Operated Markets from January 2019 to July 2021. Mr. Steijaert has served the Company for 21 years. Sales by Company-operated restaurants are recognized on a cash basis at the time of the underlying sale and are presented net of sales tax and other sales-related taxes. Royalty revenues are based on a percent of sales and recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. Rental income includes both minimum rent payments, which are recognized straight-line over the franchise term and variable rent payments based on a percent of sales, which are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. Initial fees are recognized as the Company satisfies the performance obligation over the franchise term, which is generally 20 years. The Company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the Company provides. The Company has determined that it is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the Consolidated Statement of Income. These revenues are recognized as the goods or services are transferred to the franchisee, and related expenses are recognized as incurred. Brand licensing arrangement revenues are based on a percent of sales and are recognized at the time the underlying sales occur. For periods prior to April 1, 2022, Dynamic Yield third party revenues were generated from providing software as a service solutions to customers and were recognized over the applicable subscription period as the service was performed. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment are stated at cost, with depreciation and amortization provided using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: buildings–up to 40 years; leasehold improvements–the lesser of useful lives of assets or lease terms, which generally include certain option periods; and equipment–3 to 12 years. The Company periodically reviews these lives relative to physical factors, economic factors and industry trends. If there are changes in the planned use of property and equipment, or if technological changes occur more rapidly than anticipated, the useful lives assigned to these assets may need to be shortened, resulting in the accelerated recognition of depreciation and amortization expense or write-offs in The Company may share in the cost of certain restaurant improvements with its franchisees. Since McDonald's manages the project and provides up front funding in these instances, during the project the Company estimates which costs are the responsibility of McDonald's and which are the responsibility of the franchisee, and allocates the corresponding costs between Property and equipment and Accounts receivable. Upon the completion of the project, the allocation of costs is finalized and may result in immaterial adjustments to the balances and associated depreciation expense. Refer to the Property and Equipment footnote on page 50 of this Form 10-K for additional information. The Company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases (the Company leases the land and generally owns the building) and through improved leases (the Company leases the land and buildings). The Lease right-of-use asset and Lease liability reflect the present value of the Company’s estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using the rate implicit in each lease, if determinable, or a collateralized incremental borrowing rate considering the term of the lease and particular currency environment. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, primarily related to leases of office equipment, are not included in the Lease right-or-use asset or Lease liability and continue to be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. To the extent that occupancy costs, such as site maintenance, are included in the asset and liability, the impact is immaterial and is generally limited to Company-owned restaurant locations. For franchised locations, which represent the majority of the restaurant portfolio, the related occupancy costs including property taxes, insurance and site maintenance are generally required to be paid by the franchisees as part of the franchise arrangement. In addition, the Company is the lessee under non-restaurant related leases such as office buildings, vehicles and office equipment. These leases are not a material subset of the Company’s lease portfolio. Capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which primarily ranges from 3 to 10 years. Customer facing software is typically amortized over a shorter useful life, while back office and Corporate systems may have a longer useful life. Capitalized software less accumulated amortization is recorded within Miscellaneous other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and was (in millions): 2023-$836.0; 2022-$864.3; 2021-$795.0. The Company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable or if an indicator of impairment exists, which occurs more regularly throughout the year, such as when new software may be ready for its intended use. Results for the year ended December 31, 2023 reflected the write-off of impaired software no longer in use of $71.7 million. The Company did not identify any indicators of material impairment of capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. For purposes of annually reviewing McDonald’s restaurant assets for potential impairment, assets are initially grouped together in the U.S. at a field office level, and internationally, at a market level. The Company manages its restaurants as a group or portfolio with significant common costs and promotional activities; as such, an individual restaurant’s cash flows are not generally independent of the cash flows of others in a market. If an indicator of impairment exists for any grouping of assets, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows produced by each individual restaurant within the asset grouping is compared to its carrying value. If an individual restaurant is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the restaurant over its fair value as determined by an estimate of discounted future cash flows. Losses on assets held for disposal are recognized when management and the Company's Board of Directors, as required, have approved and committed to a plan to dispose of the assets, the assets are available for disposal and the disposal is probable of occurring Net Investment Hedges The Company uses foreign currency denominated debt (third-party and intercompany) and foreign currency derivatives to hedge its investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. Realized and unrealized translation adjustments from these hedges are included in shareholders' equity in the foreign currency translation component of Other comprehensive income ("OCI") and offset translation adjustments on the underlying net assets of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, which also are recorded in OCI. As of December 31, 2023, $14.4 billion of the Company's third-party foreign currency denominated debt, $555.0 million of the Company's intercompany foreign currency denominated debt and $606.4 million of foreign currency derivatives were designated to hedge investments in certain foreign subsidiaries and affiliates. The Company enters into certain derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting. Therefore, the changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings together with the gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position. As an example, the Company enters into equity derivative contracts, including total return swaps, to hedge market-driven changes in certain of its supplemental benefit plan liabilities. The Company may also use certain investments to hedge changes in these liabilities. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives or investments are recorded in Selling, general & administrative expenses together with the changes in the supplemental benefit plan liabilities. In addition, the Company uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized in Nonoperating (income) expense, net, along with the currency gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position. The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by its derivative counterparties. The Company did not have significant exposure to any individual counterparty at December 31, 2023 and has master agreements that contain netting arrangements. For financial reporting purposes, the Company presents gross derivative balances in its financial statements and supplementary data, including for counterparties subject to netting arrangements. Some of these agreements also require each party to post collateral if credit ratings fall below, or aggregate exposures exceed, certain contractual limits. At December 31, 2023, the Company was required to post $82.8 million of collateral due to the negative fair value of certain derivative positions. The Company's counterparties were not required to post collateral on any derivative position, other than on certain hedges of the Company’s supplemental benefit plan liabilities where the counterparties were required to post collateral on their liability positions. The Company has a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to employees and nonemployee directors. Share-based compensation, which includes the portion vesting of all share-based awards granted based on the grant date fair value, is generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period in Selling, general & administrative expenses. The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on the date of grant using a closed-form pricing model. The pricing model requires assumptions, which impact the assumed fair value, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of the Company’s stock over the expected life and the expected dividend yield. The Company uses historical data to determine these assumptions and if these assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years. In addition, the Company estimates forfeitures when determining the amount of compensation costs to be The fair value of each RSU granted is equal to the market price of the Company’s stock at date of grant. For performance-based RSUs, the Company includes a relative Total Shareholder Return ("TSR") modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. The fair value of performance-based RSUs that include the TSR modifier is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation Refer to the Share-based Compensation footnote on page 59 of this Form 10-K for additional information. Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using net income divided by diluted weighted-average shares. Diluted weighted-average shares include weighted-average shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of share-based compensation calculated using the treasury stock method, of (in millions of shares): 2023–4.4; 2022–4.8; 2021–5.5. Share-based compensation awards that were not included in diluted weighted-average shares because they would have been antidilutive were (in millions of shares): 2023–2.0; 2022–1.5; 2021–2.2. CASH AND EQUIVALENTS The Company considers short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2023, Cash and equivalents was $4.6 billion of which $4.0 billion consisted of certificates of deposit. !BE87B?DJ7D=?8B;BEM J7N?D9EC;!#&.# BE7J?D= BE7J?D= BE7J?D= BE7J?D= Measurement of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Description of the As described in the Income Taxes footnote to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits, which includes transfer pricing matters, totaled $587.7 million at December 31, 2023. The Company, like other multi-national companies, is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. Accordingly, tax liabilities are recorded when, in management’s judgment, a tax position does not meet the more likely than not threshold for recognition. For tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, a tax liability may still be recorded depending on management’s assessment of how the tax position will ultimately be settled. Auditing the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits related to transfer pricing used in intercompany transactions was challenging because the measurement is based on interpretations of complex tax laws and because the pricing of the intercompany transactions is based on studies that may produce a range of outcomes (e.g., the price that would be charged in an arm’s-length transaction). How We Addressed the Matter in Our We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s process to assess the technical merits and measurement of these unrecognized tax benefits. For example, we tested management’s review of the unrecognized tax benefit calculations, which included evaluation of the comparable transactions used to determine the ranges of outcomes, pricing conclusions reached in management’s transfer pricing studies and the assessment of other third-party information. With the assistance of our income tax professionals, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the technical merits of the Company’s position and assessing the recognition and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits related to transfer pricing. For example, we assessed the inputs utilized and the pricing conclusions reached in the Company’s transfer pricing studies and compared the methods used to industry benchmarks. In addition, we used our knowledge of historical settlement activity, income tax laws and other market information to evaluate the technical merits of the Company’s positions. We also independently verified our understanding of the status of income tax examinations with the Company’s external legal counsel. We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1964. (This page has been left blank intentionally.) (This page has been left blank intentionally.)
